packages/docs-web/src/content/contract-addresses.mdx, before:

import { Table, Cards } from 'nextra/components'
import { ContractAddressTable } from '@/app/_components/contract-address-table'
import { ChainImage } from '@/app/_components/chain-image'
import { ReceiptTextIcon } from 'lucide-react';

# Contract Addresses

Below are the contract addresses for the main contracts deployed across EVM based chains.

<br />

<ChainImage chain="base-mainnet" />

### Base Mainnet

<ContractAddressTable
  chain="base-mainnet"
  contracts={[
    { contract: "OrganizationNFT", address: "0x273cBd7EABd28d4220F1Eb3Bc79f1cE48a41C2d8" },
    { contract: "ProductPassNFT", address: "0x1d02ecC16193C5e2e33BE52fc95947edBf0B7870" },
    { contract: "PurchaseManager", address: "0x679E2Fb685235e21E351C6563B4DB86Fcc4593d3" },
    { contract: "PaymentEscrow", address: "0x313deB1dd6aC07159E88D5a5a3EfF41d76Cf5ffC" },
    { contract: "SubscriptionEscrow", address: "0x9Aaf735185Af62FE1AAC22Cdbc858cd5ED49941E" },
    { contract: "RenewalProcessor", address: "0x596e8467451e6eF9F381E97957EbFe4D4F073CBD" },
  ]}
/>

### Base Sepolia

<ContractAddressTable
  chain="base-sepolia"
  contracts={[
    { contract: "OrganizationNFT", address: "0xC2bea1D2A05931c8A560BDe3Dbaaf4f75e1a4EE3" },
    { contract: "ProductPassNFT", address: "0x10D6eF4A569c79b7d40f750EBeAba859a5B8c0db" },
    { contract: "PurchaseManager", address: "0x0cc166547D438e2D890321459B59A9Cd0D423501" },
    { contract: "PaymentEscrow", address: "0xfc91B5dFd126A5DFEf9f3E7724D3c738E6b2F772" },
    { contract: "SubscriptionEscrow", address: "0xA92B6576B6070Ece85d730136E9A95Da28b70453" },
    { contract: "RenewalProcessor", address: "0x98ffecB049695349ed448b7F9A5636c417BE4220" },
  ]}
/>

To view all the contracts used in the ProductMint system, follow the link below.

<br />

<Cards.Card
  icon={<ReceiptTextIcon />}
  title="View all deployed contracts"
  href="https://github.com/KodiKraig/product-mint/tree/main/packages/cli/src/contract-address"
  arrow
/>

Commit message:

Add Ethereum sepolia contract addresses

packages/docs-web/src/content/contract-addresses.mdx, after:

import { Table, Cards } from 'nextra/components'
import { ContractAddressTable } from '@/app/_components/contract-address-table'
import { ChainImage } from '@/app/_components/chain-image'
import { ReceiptTextIcon } from 'lucide-react';

# Contract Addresses

Below are the contract addresses for the main contracts deployed across EVM based chains.

## Layer 2

Ethereum layer 2 networks are supported and recommended. Layer 2 networks provide a much lower gas cost, faster transaction times, allowing for lower fees.

<br />

<ChainImage chain="base-mainnet" />

### Base Mainnet

<ContractAddressTable
  chain="base-mainnet"
  contracts={[
    { contract: "OrganizationNFT", address: "0x273cBd7EABd28d4220F1Eb3Bc79f1cE48a41C2d8" },
    { contract: "ProductPassNFT", address: "0x1d02ecC16193C5e2e33BE52fc95947edBf0B7870" },
    { contract: "PurchaseManager", address: "0x679E2Fb685235e21E351C6563B4DB86Fcc4593d3" },
    { contract: "PaymentEscrow", address: "0x313deB1dd6aC07159E88D5a5a3EfF41d76Cf5ffC" },
    { contract: "SubscriptionEscrow", address: "0x9Aaf735185Af62FE1AAC22Cdbc858cd5ED49941E" },
    { contract: "RenewalProcessor", address: "0x596e8467451e6eF9F381E97957EbFe4D4F073CBD" },
  ]}
/>

### Base Sepolia

<ContractAddressTable
  chain="base-sepolia"
  contracts={[
    { contract: "OrganizationNFT", address: "0xC2bea1D2A05931c8A560BDe3Dbaaf4f75e1a4EE3" },
    { contract: "ProductPassNFT", address: "0x10D6eF4A569c79b7d40f750EBeAba859a5B8c0db" },
    { contract: "PurchaseManager", address: "0x0cc166547D438e2D890321459B59A9Cd0D423501" },
    { contract: "PaymentEscrow", address: "0xfc91B5dFd126A5DFEf9f3E7724D3c738E6b2F772" },
    { contract: "SubscriptionEscrow", address: "0xA92B6576B6070Ece85d730136E9A95Da28b70453" },
    { contract: "RenewalProcessor", address: "0x98ffecB049695349ed448b7F9A5636c417BE4220" },
  ]}
/>

## Layer 1

Ethereum is supported for those seeking the highest level of security and decentralization. However, due to higher gas costs, there are higher fees.

<br />

<ChainImage chain="ethereum-mainnet" />

### Ethereum Mainnet

Deployment coming soon!

### Ethereum Sepolia

<ContractAddressTable
  chain="ethereum-sepolia"
  contracts={[
    { contract: "OrganizationNFT", address: "0x83ad6E2841f178962EeCeA0813A041ed33b92F57" },
    { contract: "ProductPassNFT", address: "0xCD4fA407DfDb88e44e1F32014C52B92A18105FdE" },
    { contract: "PurchaseManager", address: "0x064b338F7c5B11CB422724276bD701dc117AA404" },
    { contract: "PaymentEscrow", address: "0x883e1bc0f4C072506A061a6d3d79d08CB5dEa0e1" },
    { contract: "SubscriptionEscrow", address: "0x31495B8C8227F0BC5cd7E6E7878b4ce65aC8036e" },
    { contract: "RenewalProcessor", address: "0x0fF4ccbd7EAe7ED82035fC51700e1183D2401A0A" },
  ]}
/>

To view all the contracts used in the ProductMint system, follow the link below.

<br />

<Cards.Card
  icon={<ReceiptTextIcon />}
  title="View all deployed contracts"
  href="https://github.com/KodiKraig/product-mint/tree/main/packages/cli/src/contract-address"
  arrow
/>
